Add ROFL documentation (#300)
oasisprotocol/cli: docs/README.md

- Developer features:
  - built-in testing accounts compatible with the Oasis test runner, the Oasis
    CI and the official Sapphire and Emerald Localnet Docker images

>   - tooling for compiling, deploying and managing Oasis ROFLs 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - tooling for compiling, deploying and managing Oasis ROFL apps 
```
